Over 100 years ago.
Titans suddenly appeared
and devoured most of humanity.
decimating civilisation.
The survivors built
three massive concentric walls
to prevent another Titan invasion.
and managed a peaceful life inside.
Eren!
Chill out.
It's a dud bomb.
This blue thing must be the ocean.
So it was real.
I wonder if that bird
has seen the ocean.
Born inside the Wall.
and dying inside it...
You're fine with that?
We're starting a scout.
Once we find new land.
we're free to live anywhere.
Everyone knew
that this peaceful life
was only a prologue
to that sound of despair.
So they're real.
I once saw the end of the world.
It was a bloody.
ugly and loud kind of hell.
Where did they come from.
and where are they headed?
Mikasa!
At the edge of hell. Eren lost Mikasa.
Promises trampled upon.
Futures snatched away.
Dreams chewed to shreds.
Yet we never abandoned
our last strand of hope.
In order to reclaim our farmlands.
we must restore the broken Outer Wall.
This. we vowed!
We detonate this portion to plug that hole.
That's the mission.
Even the Scout Regiment was wiped out.
If we fail. it'll be the end of humanity.
Now we have omni-directional mobility gear!
Humanity decided to confront
its doomed future.
Give your hearts!
Will there be light at the end of darkness?
No one wished for conflict.
Titans are not invincible.
If the nape is severely damaged.
it will perish without regenerating.
We were saved by Captain Shikishima.
the Titan-slaying hero.
Wouldn't mind a hot Titan chick for once.
And at his side
was Mikasa.
The world is cruel.
I'm just going to kill Titans.
Seeing a completely changed Mikasa.
Eren was confused and heartbroken.
Will you be father to my daughter?
Hiana!
I want to defeat the Titans.
Then go fly.
The true enemy
isn't the Titans.
it's safety.
Overwhelmed by the waves
of attacking Titans...
- The explosives. That was it!
- Don't!
...the troops helplessly ran.
I won't let you die here!
Eren was eaten.
Our task is still to kill Titans.
You can't! You're almost out of gas!
Our extinction was only a matter of time.
Or so it seemed.
I'm driving you all out.
A Titan attacking a Titan?
His fighting clearly
demonstrates intelligence.
Revenge will never fill
the gaping hole in one's heart.
I've never seen this!
We only lose ourselves.
Is he on our side?
Like hell he's on our side!
Hearts are stirred.
Eren?
Cut open his nape.
The cells will assimilate!
Where did they come from?
Where are we headed?
Without fighting. we can't win.
Which of us
will survive?
This will sting a bit.
Good boy.
You did that to your own son?
Dear. we already tested on our first child.
I want to identify what triggers
explosive cell divisions.
You call yourself a father!
Open the door.
Open it!
Open up. professor.
Open up!
- Take care of Eren.
- I will.
Quite a library.
Professor. how did you manage
to collect so many books?
We've been purging them for 100 years.
Don't!
- Please!
- You violated the law.
Let go!
- Stop!
- Be quiet!
Foolish!
Don't you think?
People. I mean.
For ages. the world saw no end to wars.
There was a desire
to become stronger. richer.
To that end. people built weapons.
made scientific advancements
and expanded their knowledge.
Do you think that ever led
to the end of conflicts?
There were some who said then.
"Humanity will unite when
a common enemy appears."
Over 100 years ago.
that common enemy actually appeared.
The Titans!
Faced with extinction.
our forefathers built the Walls
and trapped themselves inside.
But that turned out to be a blessing.
People preciously shared
the limited land. food and resources.
Conflicts disappeared
as everyone became equal.
By binding themselves. people found
that their hearts became richer.
And by restricting
the knowledge and technology
at the root of conflict.
we managed to secure
eternal peace. at last.
But what happens if there's
a human who can become a Titan?
I ask you.
are you a human? Or a Titan?
Are you a human or a Titan?
I asked you a question.
I'm human.
Humans don't regenerate limbs
that have been ripped off.
Everyone witnessed him
become a Titan and then emerge
out of the Titan.
I said I'm human!
Tell him. guys!
I'm human. right?
Where's Captain Shikishima?
He needed to report on how
the last explosives were lost.
so I sent him back to the Middle Wall.
Too bad for you.
Shoot him.
Wait!
Eren is human.
He's on our side.
We saw him annihilate
all the Titans in the area.
I see...
I can defeat the Titans.
With all the personnel we've lost.
our mission needs to bet on Eren!
Eren is humanity's last hope.
Director General. I'm against it. too.
He's an invaluable test subject!
He's a Titan with intellect!
This might solve the mystery.
Now I can perform a vivisection! Yes!
Hey. hey...
Then how do we plug the hole?
Without explosives.
there's no way to demolish the Wall.
No. there's a way!
Chill out. it's a dud bomb.
The dud bomb!
Tell me more!
Enough with your stalling tactics.
You kids are renegades.
Renegades?
This belonged to one of your friends. no?
Director General. that belonged
to the bomb thief.
The central government has known
for some time
that forces have been
plotting against the regime.
The enemy is after our weapons.
Hey. stop! Stop!
And as feared.
it turns out that the renegades
have infiltrated us.
We must nip evil in the bud
before it flowers.
Don't! What will your
siblings do if you die?
Mikasa.
What's the matter?
Are you going to let Eren die?
Fine. then shoot!
I've already given my heart to the cause!
Armin!
You're a coward. old fart!
No courage to even bet on me!
Showing your true colours. now.
Born inside these Walls.
I thought my life was meaningless!
Eren.
But now I'm beginning to see
what I'm capable of.
So just don't get in my way. please!
Even you. Squad Leader?
That monster tried to devour you.
It wasn't his fault!
After some time.
the cerebral cortex breaks down.
and his consciousness
is overtaken by instinct.
Later. his body's cells
are assimilated with the Titan's...
- Mr Souda!
- Old man!
A drunkard spewing nonsense.
Eren...
Your older brother...
Fire!
I've never seen this! Another one!
Come on. get serious!
Director General!
With Director General dead.
I'm taking command!
Cease fire!
His skin is different.
Eren!
He's a precious test subject! Save him!
He defended himself.
This one has intellect. too!
Wait. wait a second!
You guys!
That's useless!
ATTACK ON TITAN
Mr Souda...
What was he trying to say?
From Omotemachi here. we'll go
to Monzen to get the bomb.
then head to the Outer
Wall to plug the hole.
Let's go!
You still think we can plug the hole?
We're the only ones left!
And where do we get explosives?
You heard him earlier.
there's a bomb in Monzen.
Isn't that right. kid?
You're gonna trust that kid?
And going with this small group?
I'm going! I came here to plug that hole.
We can't let all those
casualties go to waste.
It's impossible! I'm not going.
Then go home.
If you can get home alone
past all those Titans.
Move.
You guys better not slow me down.
Deal.
Let's hurry before the Titans spot us.
You. Mikasa?
Mikasa.
Let's go home to Monzen.
Can we go home?
We can.
I guess you'll need me to survive.
Now we're talking. c'mon.
Which leaves...
That bastard probably went
home to his Titan buddies.
Eren isn't friends with Titans.
Then why didn't that Titan eat him?
Well...
Why do the birds go on singing
when it's the end of the world?
Captain...
That's the song.
Why do the birds sing?
Because they know
that the Wall isn't the end of the world.
Where is this?
I came across the Titan that grabbed you.
And I saved you.
The Titan got away. though.
Thank you.
Now watch.
This is how our world works.
Shocked?
Titans are in fact humans.
Titans are... human?
Created by humans. no less.
If this wasn't evolution.
maybe it was about creating weapons.
But over 100 years ago.
it spun out of control.
spawning hordes of Titans.
A large number of people became Titans.
No one knew who'd become a Titan.
Guess what happened.
People began to distrust and then
kill one another. self-destructing.
This place. was once a metropolis.
Those who couldn't become Titans
walled themselves in.
and were soon split between
the few rulers and the many ruled.
giving birth to this
fine world we now live in.
And this place?
Apparently there are
several rooms like this.
This is where government
officials monitor us
while surrounded by banned relics
of what they consider a shameful past.
"Abandon
"what you would protect.
then you will be strong."
That's what he told me.
Having lost everything.
I even abandoned my memories.
I see...
Now you're a Grim Reaper to the Titans.
I've got too many things to protect.
Ten o'clock. I see Titans!
There's about
eight or nine of them!
Movements are normal.
Normal? Dammit. so boring.
I really don't want to die.
Um...
Captain Shikishima is your life saver.
and your mentor. and
is that all?
The Wall falling two years ago
was convenient for the government.
What happened at that time?
They were about to begin scouts.
Correct. people had forgotten
the fear of Titans.
and their loyalty to the state had waned.
Information. residence.
even childbirth was regulated.
And when people tried to go
outside the Wall. what happened?
- The Titans came.
- Precisely.
Too convenient. no?
Thus. the people's hatred
was directed at the Titans.
But think of how many people died!
Unfortunately. it's true then and now.
Countless workers died in
the name of restoring the Wall.
I can't get the sight of those who
were eaten by Titans out of my mind.
How long is this going to continue?
Do you think the state's serious
about fixing the Wall?
You're saying these expeditions
are pointless? Then why?
You don't know?
You must know.
They need sacrificial victims.
To instil the fear of Titans
across generations.
To ensure no one would ever
want to go beyond the Wall.
To squash the brave.
That's not right!
Then... let's bring it to an end.
I've been waiting for you.
For me?
Unlike the other cattle. you retain
your intellect even as a Titan.
This is evolution.
A new kind of human.
You were chosen. you see.
We'll end the days of slavery
and create a new world.
Don't betray the hero within you.
Hero?
But wait...
It's just you and me doing this?
You're not confident?
Well...
Follow me.
Why'd you volunteer?
As an inland guy. you didn't need to.
We have a "Titan" at home.
With a huge attitude.
Nothing I did was ever good enough
for my asshole dad.
At least you have a dad.
That's not good enough!
- As long as you have one.
- I don't need one!
This will work. right?
Look!
- Is that...
- The dud bomb.
I'm home.
Be alert. we're now entering Titan habitat.
Formation!
They're like-minded comrades.
The Scout Regiment!
I thought they died...
You're awfully gullible.
I faked their deaths.
and we got the army's explosives.
Any Titans?
Four in the distance. headed east.
Not a problem. then.
Never seen these weapons.
They're from before the Titan War.
secretly stashed here by the state.
They're ineffective against Titans.
but they work on people.
It's for the government to aim at people.
We're not cattle.
Exactly. you are your own master.
Don't you miss it?
This is your hometown.
By the way.
I heard there's still a bomb left.
Ready? I'm tossing it.
- Done on this side.
- I'm tying it down.
I'm gonna pull it.
OK. can you hold it?
- Is this really necessary?
- Jean. hurry.
Shut up. I know.
OK. done.
- This one?
- Hurry.
I know. I am!
How does this work?
Hurry. before the Titans come.
But how do we get this on the Wall?
We're going to do it together.
If only Eren were here.
Even if he were here.
would he even listen to humans?
Here.
Hey!
Hey! No way!
Isn't that a pre-Titan War gun?
Lemme see! It's an MGL!
How'd you get your hands on an MGL?
Mikasa!
Eren!
- Eren!
Sorry to worry you.
Captain saved me.
Good. you saved us the trouble
of digging this up.
Captain. who are these fellows?
Hope for our future. I guess?
Oh. one more thing.
what's this cargo?
A guided surface-to-air missile.
I knew it!
A pre-war weapon that can hit
even moving targets with precision.
Not only that. it has the power
to lead us to victory.
Feel free to look.
Yes! Oh. wow. there's an RDS...
Holy crap!
Comrades!
The time has come.
We will requisition this large bomb.
We must now rise against the government.
Together with the power
to change the world.
we will return inland.
Inland?
The Walls we must destroy are there.
What did you say?
The Inner Walls.
But then the Titans will enter.
They'll storm in like an avalanche.
That's the aim! With our weapons and
the large bomb you dug up.
we will destroy both Inner Walls.
allowing the Titans to enter.
The current regime will topple.
We have more supporters inside.
When the two Walls fall.
we shall rise in revolt.
beginning humanity's revolution.
What do you think?
Not bad. right?
And he's already on board.
Wait. I haven't heard this.
The explosives are for
fixing the Outer Wall!
What? You don't want this?
Those are the selfish people you despise.
But they're just normal people.
they didn't do anything.
Exactly. they did nothing.
They've been cattle for over 100 years.
Enabling this evil system
is criminal enough.
As long as they're around.
nothing will change.
Even so. no one deserves to die!
Listen to you.
Just listen to you.
Your own hands were tainted
when you killed those Titans.
They were just innocent people. too.
Are you all content with this world?
You have no freedom to know.
to live. to bear children!
Let's fight this rule!
Join us!
Huh?
The enemy is not the Titans.
It's the government. using fear to rule.
With those bombs.
we can end this false peace.
Now is the time to decide!
Like I told you.
you can only gain by letting go.
I...
The world is cruel.
Eren is humanity's last hope.
Will you be father to my daughter?
There was a guy who abandoned his girl.
Once we find new land.
we're free to live anywhere.
Are you a human?
Mister.
Help!
That baby was eaten.
Trying to save yourselves...
Take care of him.
Eren...
I won't...
I won't abandon
anyone else!
What did you say?
I won't let you use the bomb
for something like that.
Never!
How?
Whatever it takes!
What do you see in this guy?
You can't beat me.
Do you know why?
Because you've always blamed something.
The Wall. the times. the world...
Always making excuses.
You make me laugh!
Don't like it? Turn into a Titan.
Thought you'd be a useful weapon.
but I miscalculated.
You don't know anything about me.
Your ex-girlfriend told me.
That's enough!
I see.
You feel pity
for your first love.
You ingrate.
Get away from Mikasa!
Still don't get it?
You have nothing.
Don't you touch her with
those filthy hands!
Can't we do something?
Maybe we can...
Or maybe not.
Playing with you
has gotten boring.
Who was that?
Wasting precious food...
Don't move!
If I press this.
this bomb will explode!
If you move. this whole area will blow.
Guys. hurry.
You OK?
Idiot!
Think anyone would believe that?
I designed this detonator.
I did!
Is that right?
Then you have my permission.
Blow this whole place up.
Pity. so it was a lie.
What now?
- Sannagi!
- Armin. go!
But...
Hurry. go!
Stupid strength.
Make him stop!
Sannagi!
That fool! What will his siblings do?
Hey...
Good work. you guys.
That was impressive.
But it's all over.
I can at least destroy
the Middle Wall with this.
By yourself? How?
I'll show you
who the truly chosen one is.
This is the correct way
to give your heart.
Armin. go!
Everyone. hold on!
Don't tell me...
The strongest man as the strongest Titan?
This is hell.
Did you know?
But I didn't...
I'll handle him.
You guys fix the Wall!
Gimme a break!
Is this really going to make you a Titan?
I dunno. but I have to do it!
You're not the only one here!
As long as we've kept fighting.
we haven't lost!
We're doing this together!
That's...
You were always with me.
Here they come.
He's coming.
Man. he's strong.
But he's still only got two arms and two eyes!
Aim for the seams!
We'll attack all at once.
Let's go!
Mikasa!
He's blind on the left!
I'll finish him!
You're mine!
Move!
Eren!
He died for me...
You're going down!
Pity. we could've saved the world together.
Did he lose?
Always remember the final blow.
Too slow.
You're the one who's slow.
I see!
Go. Eren!
He did it!
Remember this bomb?
I need you to put this
into the crack up there.
Huh. so you speak human?
Dammit. quiet down. you idiot!
To be safe. I'll only
attach this timing device
up there.
Handle it with care!
OK. let's go.
He's starting to weaken.
Push it in here. right here.
Eren...
- Eren!
Not now!
- Wake him up!
- How?
Pierce the nape without killing Eren.
Only Mikasa can do it!
Not in the middle!
Mikasa!
Phew. I'm saved.
Pre-war military vehicles sure are sturdy.
Eren!
Eren.
Wake up.
You promised.
You promised me.
The ocean.
I wonder if that bird
has seen the ocean.
Wanna see it?
Don't worry. Armin's on it now.
Sasha. can you hold that side?
Like this?
Once this is on...
OK. it'll detonate in five minutes.
Let's get away.
You OK?
Well done. getting this far.
Truly beyond my imagination.
As heroes who restored the Wall.
you shall be treated
like nobles inland. for life!
But that's only if you
hand over your Titan friend
and continue to defend the Wall!
No. thanks!
Think we'd sell Eren for that?
- Armin!
Fools!
What in the world could you want?
I want to know the truth about this world!
What would you do?
People can't handle the truth!
They would've been happier inside
the Wall. not knowing anything!
That's why you were protected by the Wall!
You need the Wall!
It's hell outside the Wall!
I'd rather be free in Hell
than a slave in Heaven!
You sure?
Outside there's nothing to rely on!
At least inside...
Sasha!
Sasha. get back!
- It can't be...
- The Director General?
Governing with fear.
Trying to keep us from plugging the hole.
Give me the ODMG and the gas tank.
I've waited for this day!
Damn. he's hot!
Hold on tight.
Don't freak out.
Let's go. Eren!
Don't you dare touch the bomb!
Jean!
Damn you!
Armin. get up!
Eren!
Eren. no!
Look what they had!
It's almost time.
Eren. get away!
You'll die!
Don't be stupid.
This is revenge for Jean
and for everyone!
But the bomb...
It's time.
Hey!
- It didn't explode.
- Something went wrong.
I'm going.
Mikasa!
Can you hit the bomb with that?
Hit the fuse to trigger it.
- Here I go...
- Wait.
Mikasa!
So close.
What to do...
Too bad.
Just strike the fuse.
You'd blow up. of course.
Please. Don't take it away.
Each time we take the Wall down.
they'll build it back up.
Just to save their pathetic selves.
What about you?
What about your wall?
Take this!
I admire your guts. but this prey is mine!
You've got your own future to live.
Eren.
The Director General is blown to bits.
But what about the Wall?
Not a problem!
The first explosion will vaporize the halogen.
boron. etc.. leading to a second...
Boom!
There it is!
Look at that!
Are you OK?
The hole...
It's plugged...
Yes!
Look.
Now it begins.
Haruma Miura
Hiroki Hasegawa
Kiko Mizuhara
Kanata Hongo
Takahiro Miura
Nanami Sakuraba
Satoru Matsuo
Satomi Ishihara
Pierre Taki
Jun Kunimura
ATTACK ON TITAN
END OF THE WORLD
Executive Producers:
Minami Ichikawa - Nobuyasu Suzuki
Co-Executive Producer:
Akihiro Yamauchi
Producer:
Yoshihiro Sato
Production Supervisors:
Takeshi Sato - Shiro Kido
Line Producer:
Kensei Mori
VFX Director:
Katsuro Onoue
Cinematography:
Shoji Ehara
Lighting:
Takashi Sugimoto
Production Design:
Tsuyoshi Shimizu
Sound Recording:
Jun Nakamura - Hironobu Tanaka
Music:
Shiro Sagisu
Based on the manga "Attack on Titan"
by Hajime Isayama
originally serialised in the
monthly Bessatsu Shonen Magazine
Screenplay:
Yusuke Watanabe - Tomohiro Machiyama
Directed by Shinji Higuchi
This is a surprise
It appears two subjects
escaped from the test zone.
It's the unpredictability
that keeps it interesting.